docs: add community meeting and election templates 📜 (#1)
jeandle/community: README.md

## Community Meetings

We hold bi-weekly community meetings to promote communication and collaboration within our community. These meetings are organized and hosted by Maintainers to synchronize progress, resolve issues, and plan for future development. All contributors and anyone interested in the Jeandle project are welcome to participate.

For detailed information about meeting schedules, agenda, and participation guidelines, please see our [Community Meeting Guide](MEETING.md).

## Amending this Repository

Any significant changes to this governance repository will be discussed among the maintainer team and require a vote to pass. For minor adjustments and clarifications, maintainers may make changes after reaching a general consensus.

## Security Reporting

If you discover a security vulnerability in the Jeandle project, please report it privately to our security team. We take security issues seriously and will respond promptly to address any concerns.

To report a security issue, please contact the project maintainers directly through our community channels or email the maintainers listed in [MAINTAINERS.md](MAINTAINERS.md).

> 

Reviewer: We use Github security advisory to report vulnerabilities. Refer to https://github.com/jeandle/jeandle-jdk/blob/main/SECURITY.md

> To report a security issue, we use GitHub security advisory to report vulnerabilities, for more information, see our [security advisories](https://github.com/jeandle/jeandle-jdk/blob/main/SECURITY.md) in the main project repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report a vulnerability, please open a security advisory on Github. For more information, see [jeandle-jdk security](https://github.com/jeandle/jeandle-jdk/blob/main/SECURITY.md) and [jeandle-llvm security](https://github.com/jeandle/jeandle-llvm/blob/main/SECURITY.md).
```
This is a more precise version.
